Was that surprising enough?
Darling.
What exactly is going on?
Didn't you ask me where I've been the past half month?
I went to visit an old acquaintance.
The girl that Duan Xiao Jian ran over and killed.
Do you have the evidence?
How do you know?
After that car accident,
you took the car
to the auto shop to be destroyed.
All the parts were intact,
except for the dashcam's memory card.
You're right.
I do have the memory card.
But what makes you think
I'll give it to you?
Đoạn Thiếu Gian forged
a severe injury assessment report.
He's looking for a lawyer
to sue you into bankruptcy.
Your marriage and career
have all been destroyed by him.
Do you still want to protect that man?
Tell me where the memory card is.
I can help you
hire the best lawyer in Jiang City.
Why should I trust you?
Do you have a choice?
In the wine bottle in your bedroom.
You tricked me.
Diệp Từ.
You're despicable.
You deceived me.
Man Man
You're just foolish.
In this world,
the person who wants that pair of scumbags dead the most
is me.
Ye Ci.
Come back.
I won't let you off.
So even now,
you've always been deceiving me, haven't you?
Why?
I said, now
why are there so many issues?
So it was all orchestrated by you?
Why?